[Music]
hey guys we're here with a brand new
video on Marvel contest of Champions and
we're out of battery Wow unbelievable I
didn't I didn't expect that alright so
what I want to talk about today is just
enough the update rather nothing too
special I mean there's really nothing to
talk about in the update I think there's
a very three new characters that I see
yeah well let's talk about the shards
first because I think a lot of people
would be like what are these new
crystals well essentially there's a blue
one there's an orange one there's a ruby
one or red one whatever you want to call
it as well as this yellow and blue one
which is called a premium the blue one
is called the three-star the orange one
is called the four star and the red one
a ruby one is called the five star so
that's pretty much it that I see in here
nothing too special I'm gonna go on into
this portion now I show you something
you know the mastery cores I'm not sure
if you saw them on well actually you
probably seen them already let me go
back where is the core alright so I'm
not gonna go by the name in the game
because obviously they have a different
name elsewhere and they have two four
six six different type of cores you
probably already know it they're cosmic
cosmic mutant mystic science skill and
tech they also have two or actually
three more other than this one the stone
the stone II wonder that one is the core
of regular one let's just call it
regular one
they have three more and one of them is
blue and silver that one's called the
silver the other one I see the red one
and black one they named it the
vibranium right now the name is gonna
change and lastly there's a gold one I'm
not sure what it's gonna do alright
let's see what else is in here let's
talk about the crystals
we all love the crystals right I'm
pretty sure one of these three one of
these three characters coming soon
because you already have pictures there
what you have is moon night and they're
done with the pictures they're done with
the profile picture they're done with
the other picture they're done with all
the pictures for moon night they're done
with black spider-man that's what I'm
calling it because that's all it says it
just says spider-man black so spider-man
black or black spider-man is done they
have the crystal they have the picture
they have the profile picture and then
they have the Warmachine crystal the
Warmachine profile picture and the
Warmachine character now one of the
things that is here that that I see but
it's I don't they don't have a crystal
for it is Deadpool x-force Deadpool the
white suit Deadpool in the game which is
kind of strange you you think that
they'll have it so they have the white
force and without the white Deadpool
they have the profile picture they also
have the picture itself but there's no
crystal so I'm not really sure what's
happening there one of the biggest
things that is added into the new update
is actually there is a five star crystal
this is red crystal right here that is
dark red is Ruby like is a five star
crystal so this is the five star crystal
I don't know what's in there but maybe
they're gonna just add another star onto
the characters that we already have and
then that's five stars let's see what
else do we have
I don't think there's anything else
there's Luke Cage I already made a video
on him so Luke Cage profile is done but
his uh standalone picture is not done so
I'm not sure how that's gonna work
what else do we have oh right yeah BT r5
calloused you know how there's Tier four
we're all struggling to get the tier 4
there's tier 5 there's tier 1 2 3 4 5
for the Alfa Calais as well but anyways
that is pretty much it for this video I
don't think there's anything else to go
over if you see anything let me know in
the comments below also let me know what
you think about the new characters that
we just took a look at iron fist looks
amazing the white one huh hold the fire
oh that that is just amazing moon night
and of course the x-force Deadpool also
I'm gonna call it the white B what hey
the white Deadpool because people get it
more anyways that is pretty much it for
this video
those are all the secret characters in
this brand-new update
all right actually mr. character and it
is Iron Fist
I don't know why I missed it but at the
end I kind it was hovering you know
behind my head and I was thinking yeah
Iron Fist look so cool but I forgot to
take a look at the white iron fist so
here we are we have the white iron fist
which is available while not available
but it's in there you know they made it
I guess it's going to be available they
have the profile picture done they have
the the picture the avatar picture done
but I don't think they have the crystal
but anyways I'm saying the flame oh the
flame looks amazing anyways and you know
the gold stuffy it just looks absolutely
amazing anyway that is about it for this
video
Marvel contest of Champions is a little
update to the game